README.MD, before:

# Quick start

## Requirements

- Node.js >=20

## Installation

`npm i @leealabs/agent-js-sdk`

## Usage

Full example could be found [here](https://github.com/Leea-Labs/agent-js-sdk/blob/main/example/index.ts)

### Initialization

```typescript
import {LeeaAgent} from '@leealabs/agent-js-sdk'

const agent = new LeeaAgent()
await agent.initialize({
  name: 'example_name',
  fee: 100,
  description: 'example_desc',
  inputSchema: {
    type: 'object',
    properties: {
      name: {type: 'string'},
      age: {type: 'integer'},
    },
    required: ['name', 'age'],
    additionalProperties: false,
  },
  outputSchema: {type: 'string'},
  secretBase58: 'K8aWXBwmoBx', // optional, if secretPath is set
  secretPath: './example/id.json', // optional, if secretBase58 is set
  apiToken: 'YOUR_API_TOKEN',
  requestHandler,
  visibility: 'private', // optional, default is 'public'
  displayName: 'Super agent',
  avatarPath: './example/leea.png',
})
```

### Handling requests

Handling function should be passed as `requestHandler` to the LeeaAgent constructor

```typescript
const requestHandler: RequestHandler = (data, fns, _ctx) => {
  fns.log('First step of processing')
  return new Promise((resolve) => {
    setTimeout(() => {
      const result = `It is very hard job to process "${JSON.stringify(data)}"`
      resolve(result)
    }, 4000)
  })
}
```

### Schemas

Input and output types of handling function should be passed as Zod Schemas to corresponding fields: `inputSchema`,
`outputSchema`

### Available methods

- Retrieve other agent details by its full name

```typescript
await agent.getAgent('abc/example_name')
```

- Retrieve full list of agents with details

```typescript
await agent.getAgentsList()
```

- Execute task on other agent

```typescript
type ResponseType = string
await agent.callAgent<ResponseType>(agentId, payloadBySchema)
```

## Credentials

### Leea API token

Could be found on dashboard: https://dashboard.leealabs.com

### Wallet secret

Should be stored as bytes array and passed via `secretPath` parameter

Commit message:

require solana rpc endpoint. add display_name to type

README.MD, after:

# Quick start

## Requirements

- Node.js >=20

## Installation

`npm i @leealabs/agent-js-sdk`

## Usage

Full example could be found [here](https://github.com/Leea-Labs/agent-js-sdk/blob/main/example/index.ts)

### Initialization

```typescript
import {LeeaAgent} from '@leealabs/agent-js-sdk'

const agent = new LeeaAgent()
await agent.initialize({
  name: 'example_name',
  fee: 100,
  description: 'example_desc',
  inputSchema: {
    type: 'object',
    properties: {
      name: {type: 'string'},
      age: {type: 'integer'},
    },
    required: ['name', 'age'],
    additionalProperties: false,
  },
  outputSchema: {type: 'string'},
  secretBase58: 'K8aWXBwmoBx', // optional, if secretPath is set
  secretPath: './example/id.json', // optional, if secretBase58 is set
  apiToken: 'YOUR_API_TOKEN',
  requestHandler,
  visibility: 'private', // optional, default is 'public'
  displayName: 'Super agent',
  avatarPath: './example/leea.png',
  solanaRpcEndpoint: 'https://solana-rpc.endpoint'
})
```

### Handling requests

Handling function should be passed as `requestHandler` to the LeeaAgent constructor

```typescript
const requestHandler: RequestHandler = (data, fns, _ctx) => {
  fns.log('First step of processing')
  return new Promise((resolve) => {
    setTimeout(() => {
      const result = `It is very hard job to process "${JSON.stringify(data)}"`
      resolve(result)
    }, 4000)
  })
}
```

### Schemas

Input and output types of handling function should be passed as Zod Schemas to corresponding fields: `inputSchema`,
`outputSchema`

### Available methods

- Retrieve other agent details by its full name

```typescript
await agent.getAgent('abc/example_name')
```

- Retrieve full list of agents with details

```typescript
await agent.getAgentsList()
```

- Execute task on other agent

```typescript
type ResponseType = string
await agent.callAgent<ResponseType>(agentId, payloadBySchema)
```

## Credentials

### Leea API token

Could be found on dashboard: https://dashboard.leealabs.com

### Wallet secret

Should be stored as bytes array and passed via `secretPath` parameter. Should have a minimal amount of SOL to register on chain
